# Document Type

*Document Types* defines the content that can be added to a webpage.

Before the editor or content editors can add content to a web page, that web page *Document Types* must be defined.

Think of it like this. An *html page* is called a document.

What type of document ??

It may be a home page, about page contact page.

Knowing from experiance, when creating a web page there's usually an *index.html (home page)*, *about.html*, *contect.html*, *blog.html* etc.

The index.html (document) is a type of *Home Page*, "about.html" is a type of *About Page*, "contact.html" is a type of *contact Page*, yea you get it right.

Pretty smart how embraco team structured the whole CMS.

Lets take it a step farther.

So if we try to view the page there wouldn't be anything there, well maybe there will, I believe a embraco template saying something about something, but know that this is a predefined template so that you know the site has no documents and that there's no errors off hand.

## Creating A Document Type

To define a *Document Type*, in nav bar go to settings, hover and click 3 dot icon, then you'll need to click create folder (create folder just because and name it "Pages"). Now hover over *Pages* folder and click 3-dot icon and select *Document Type* (Not with template).

Lets name this type ***Home***, just cause its recommended let place a description ***Document Type for home pages*** and Icon (theres a home icone but feel free to pick).

BOOM! done.

But wait, there's one more thing.

Go to permissions located in top right coner and *allow as root*.


